Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
There's more of it... on the road.
De-noising doesn't work.
Nothing works.
I can't get anything out of this.
Drive faster.
We're going to be arrested on sight.
You know that.
We have no clearance.
We're carrying stolen
government agency equipment
and now we...
Do you think anything you say
will stop me?
Based on past experience?
No.
Then stop wasting energy talking.
Or if you want.
you can get out of this car right now.
No matter what
Director Hashimoto told you.
there's nothing in this transmission.
It's just sound.
The Hoshi-12 was destroyed.
We'll go to prison.
For nothing.
The entire crew is dead.
I'm... sorry.
But...
You're wrong.
I know it.
I hear it.
Even if you can't.
We're here.
Yes?
We're from JASA.
ID?
Yamato. Mitsuki.
Lead Project Specialist. SST Systems.
I'm here to take operational command.
Open the gate immediately.
"Lead Project Specialist"?
"SST Systems"?
20 minutes ago. Director Hashimoto
and Administrator Kouda...
issued a joint directive via email
to surrender all command. To me.
60 seconds later. this facility
lost all communications with headquarters.
What did you do?
I've hardly done anything.
Shit...
They're going to arrest us.
What are you going to do now?
Make contact.
Ms. Yamato!
Welcome. let me acquaint you.
I'm Yoshi Fujimoto.
We've been feeding data
to the Ministry of Defense
and the Americans from our fixed position.
It's been pretty constant. mostly noise.
But global command wants
all scopes aimed in concert.
they haven't been telling us much. so...
Global command is not in charge.
I am.
Technician Kawaguchi.
Show him.
Yes.
Project... supervisor.
What is this?
Get these connected on your local net
with full permissions.
I thought I loved her
more than anyone else ever could.
Fujimoto.
What you're hearing
is immediately after impact.
Our moment of first contact. a signal.
The sound has been analyzed
and turned into a spectral fingerprint.
You're going to find this signal
with that dish out there.
Ma'am. it's a radio telescope.
It finds astral bodies. stars. not...
It finds electromagnetic radiation.
Patterns.
This is a pattern.
A message.
We're going to find
whatever's broadcasting it.
And we're going to send a message back.
Send a message back. to...
Them.
So many frequencies...
Patterns.
But not the one from the Hoshi...
It's still searching?
For the pattern from that transmission?
Yes.
But...
But.
We won't find it.
We're searching low orbit
which the telescope isn't designed to do.
That's noise.
Interference from satellites.
Satellites have been destroyed.
It's something else.
Something... big.
The Death Star.
The Death Star is 98% metal.
This is energy.
A lot of it.
Clustered frequencies. modulating.
It's a message.
I want to hear it.
These are radio waves.
If we turn it to sound waves.
it'll just be hisses and clicks.
See. it's all over the frequency range.
Play it.
Now.
Like static.
It's just noise.
I hear it. The pattern.
Like music.
Like a billion radios turned on at once.
A billion voices.
Separate beings.
But beating as one.
What if...
...it isn't a broadcast?
What if it's a network.
We're listening in. behind their firewall.
like a supercomputer...
Controlling all nodes on its network.
A hive mind.
So.
We're looking for a "voice." In a "hive."
Exactly.
Use signal filtering to subtract all
other patterns the ML net's identified.
Reduce the background pattern noise.
And we find the voice
from the Hoshi transmission.
This is gonna take a while.
No one sleeps tonight.
Coffee.
That pattern could've stopped
repeating hours or days ago.
You could be looking for something
that doesn't exist anymore.
No. It has to be there.
It's gone now.
It isn't gone.
89 million and counting patterns
that it's recognized.
The pattern from the Hoshi
isn't one of them.
What's this?
Clustering results.
No! Here!
It's alone.
An anomaly.
Maybe a birdie in the equipment.
Or one of those satellites
you said were destroyed.
Isolate that pattern.
Pull it up.
Here it is.
That isn't your pattern.
Play it.
Why? It's just...
It's the...
It's the Hoshi-12.
It's their distress beacon.
Slew the antenna!
Find it...
Lock on it!
She's locking on...
Find it...
Almost!
Hinata. I'm coming...
Step away from the workstations!
Stop everything!
I found you!
No!! NO!!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-